Update RELEASES.md for 1.40.0 (#66377)
rust-lang/rust: RELEASES.md

  `mips64el-unknown-linux-muslabi64` targets.][65843]

\* Refer to Rust's [platform support page][forge-platform-support] for more
  information on Rust's tiered platform support.

Libraries
---------
- [The `is_power_of_two` method on numeric types is now a `const` function.][65092]

Stabilized APIs
---------------
- [`BTreeMap::get_key_value`]
- [`HashMap::get_key_value`]
- [`Option::as_deref_mut`]
- [`Option::as_deref`]
- [`Option::flatten`]
- [`UdpSocket::peer_addr`]
- [`f32::to_be_bytes`]
- [`f32::to_le_bytes`]
- [`f32::to_ne_bytes`]
- [`f64::to_be_bytes`]
- [`f64::to_le_bytes`]
- [`f64::to_ne_bytes`]
- [`mem::take`]
- [`slice::repeat`]
- [`todo!`]

Cargo
-----
- [Cargo will now always display warnings, rather than only on
  fresh builds.][cargo/7450]
- [Feature flags (except `--all-features`) passed to a virtual workspace will
  now produce an error.][cargo/7507] Previously these flags were ignored.
- [You can now publish `dev-dependencies` without including
  a `version`.][cargo/7333]

Compatibility Notes
-------------------
- [As previously announced, any previous NLL warnings in the 2015 edition are
  now hard errors.][64221]

> - [The `include!` macro will now warn if it failed to include the

Reviewer: Hmm, is a warning noteworthy in the compatibility notes?

Author: It will become a hard error in a future release, I've updated the text to mention that.

Version 1.40.0 (2019-12-19)
===========================

Language
--------
- [You can now use tuple `struct`s and tuple `enum` variant's constructors in
  `const` contexts.][65188] e.g.

  ```rust
  pub struct Point(i32, i32);

  const ORIGIN: Point = {
      let constructor = Point;

      constructor(0, 0)
  };
  ```

> - [You can now mark an `enum` or `struct` with the `#[non_exhaustive]` attribute to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [You can now mark `struct`s, `enum`s, and `enum` variants with the `#[non_exhaustive]` attribute to
```

  indicate that there may be variants or fields added in the future.][64639]
  For example this requires adding a wild-card branch (`_ => {}`) to any match

>   statements on an non exhaustive `enum`. [(RFC 2008)]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  statements on a non-exhaustive `enum`. [(RFC 2008)]
```

> - [You can now use function like procedural macros in `extern` blocks and in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [You can now use function-like procedural macros in `extern` blocks and in
```

  type positions.][63931] e.g. `type Generated = macro!();`

> - [Function like and attribute procedural macros can now emit

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Function-like and attribute procedural macros can now emit
```

  `macro_rules!` items, so you can now have your macros generate macros.][64035]
- [The `meta` pattern matcher in `macro_rules!` now correctly matches the modern
  attribute syntax.][63674] E.g. `(#[$m:meta])` now matches `#[attr]`,
  `#[attr{list}]`, `#[attr[list]]`, and `#[attr(list)]`.

Compiler
--------
- [Added tier 3 support\* for the
  `thumbv7neon-unknown-linux-musleabihf` target.][66103]
- [Added tier 3 support for the
  `aarch64-unknown-none-softfloat` target.][64589]
- [Added tier 3 support for the `mips64-unknown-linux-muslabi64`, and
  `mips64el-unknown-linux-muslabi64` targets.][65843]

> * Refer to Rust's [platform support page][forge-platform-support] for more

Reviewer 3: This renders as a 4th bullet point, not as a footnote with `*`

  information on Rust's tiered platform support.

Libraries
---------
- [The `is_power_of_two` method on numeric types is now a `const` function.][65092]

Stabilized APIs
---------------
- [`f32::to_be_bytes`]
- [`f32::to_le_bytes`]
- [`f32::to_ne_bytes`]
- [`f64::to_be_bytes`]
- [`f64::to_le_bytes`]
- [`f64::to_ne_bytes`]
- [`Option::flatten`]
- [`Option::as_deref`]
- [`Option::as_deref_mut`]
- [`HashMap::get_key_value`]
- [`BTreeMap::get_key_value`]
- [`slice::repeat`]
- [`mem::take`]

> - [`UdpSocket::peer_addr`]

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/61879 missing?

Cargo
-----
- [Cargo will now always display warnings, rather than only on
  fresh builds.][cargo/7450]

> - [The `overrides` key in `profiles` section of `Cargo.toml` has been renamed

Reviewer 4: `overrides` is still a nightly-only feature.  AIUI, the releases usually don't include nightly-only changes?

Author: Yes, I misread the PR and didn't see this behind the unstable flag.

  to `package`.][cargo/7504]
- [Feature flags (except `--all-features`) passed to a virtual workspace will
  now produce an error.][cargo/7507] Previously these flags were ignored.
- [You can now publish `dev-dependencies` without including
  a `version`.][cargo/7333]

Compatibility Notes
-------------------

> - [As previously announced, any previous NLL warnings in the 2015 edition, are

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [As previously announced, any previous NLL warnings in the 2015 edition are
```

  now hard errors.][64221]
- [The `include!` macro will now warn if it failed to include the

>   entire file.][64284] The `include!` includes the first _expression_ in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  entire file.][64284] The `include!` macro includes the first _expression_ in
```

  indicate that there may be variants or fields added in the future.][64639]
  For example this requires adding a wild-card branch (`_ => {}`) to any match
  statements on a non-exhaustive `enum`. [(RFC 2008)]
- [You can now use function-like procedural macros in `extern` blocks and in
  type positions.][63931] e.g. `type Generated = macro!();`
- [Function-like and attribute procedural macros can now emit
  `macro_rules!` items, so you can now have your macros generate macros.][64035]
- [The `meta` pattern matcher in `macro_rules!` now correctly matches the modern
  attribute syntax.][63674] For example `(#[$m:meta])` now matches `#[attr]`,
  `#[attr{tokens}]`, `#[attr[tokens]]`, and `#[attr(tokens)]`.

Compiler
--------
- [Added tier 3 support\* for the
  `thumbv7neon-unknown-linux-musleabihf` target.][66103]
- [Added tier 3 support for the
  `aarch64-unknown-none-softfloat` target.][64589]
- [Added tier 3 support for the `mips64-unknown-linux-muslabi64`, and
  `mips64el-unknown-linux-muslabi64` targets.][65843]

\* Refer to Rust's [platform support page][forge-platform-support] for more
  information on Rust's tiered platform support.

Libraries
---------

> - [The `is_power_of_two` method on numeric types is now a `const` function.][65092]

Reviewer 5: Since `is_power_of_two` is only available on unsigned integers (not signed integers or floats), I think "unsigned integers" would be better than "numeric types" here.

Stabilized APIs
---------------
- [`BTreeMap::get_key_value`]
- [`HashMap::get_key_value`]
- [`Option::as_deref_mut`]
- [`Option::as_deref`]
- [`Option::flatten`]
- [`UdpSocket::peer_addr`]
- [`f32::to_be_bytes`]
- [`f32::to_le_bytes`]
- [`f32::to_ne_bytes`]
- [`f64::to_be_bytes`]
- [`f64::to_le_bytes`]

> - [`f64::to_ne_bytes`]

Reviewer 5: Aren't the corresponding `from` methods (`f32::from_be_bytes` ... `f64::from_ne_bytes`) stabilized in 1.40.0 as well?

- [`mem::take`]
- [`slice::repeat`]
- [`todo!`]

Cargo
-----
- [Cargo will now always display warnings, rather than only on
  fresh builds.][cargo/7450]
- [Feature flags (except `--all-features`) passed to a virtual workspace will
  now produce an error.][cargo/7507] Previously these flags were ignored.
- [You can now publish `dev-dependencies` without including
  a `version`.][cargo/7333]

Compatibility Notes
-------------------
- [As previously announced, any previous NLL warnings in the 2015 edition are
  now hard errors.][64221]
- [The `include!` macro will now warn if it failed to include the
  entire file.][64284] The `include!` macro includes the first _expression_ in

>   a file, and this can be unintuitive behaviour. This will become a hard error

Reviewer 6: This looks like it's just an unusual behavior and not a bug, this should look like a bug.
E.g. "The `include!` macro accidentally dropped all the file contents except for the first expression" or something.

- [`f32::to_be_bytes`]
- [`f32::to_le_bytes`]
- [`f32::to_ne_bytes`]
- [`f64::to_be_bytes`]
- [`f64::to_le_bytes`]
- [`f64::to_ne_bytes`]
- [`f32::from_be_bytes`]
- [`f32::from_le_bytes`]
- [`f32::from_ne_bytes`]
- [`f64::from_be_bytes`]
- [`f64::from_le_bytes`]
- [`f64::from_ne_bytes`]
- [`mem::take`]
- [`slice::repeat`]
- [`todo!`]

Cargo
-----
- [Cargo will now always display warnings, rather than only on
  fresh builds.][cargo/7450]
- [Feature flags (except `--all-features`) passed to a virtual workspace will
  now produce an error.][cargo/7507] Previously these flags were ignored.
- [You can now publish `dev-dependencies` without including
  a `version`.][cargo/7333]

Misc
----
- [You can now specify the `#[cfg(doctest)]` attribute to include an item only
  when running documentation tests with `rustdoc`.][63803]

Compatibility Notes
-------------------
- [As previously announced, any previous NLL warnings in the 2015 edition are
  now hard errors.][64221]
- [The `include!` macro will now warn if it failed to include the
  entire file.][64284] The `include!` macro unintentionally only includes the
  first _expression_ in a file, and this can be unintuitive. This will become

>   a hard error in a future release.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
  either a hard error in a future release, or the behavior may be fixed to include all expressions as expected.
```
